Mn10 IP - Disclaimer
First version: 12 September 2026, 12:39 (GMT +7)
Last updated: 26 September 2026, 14:44 (GMT +7)

DISCLAIMER ABOUT MN10 INTEGRATION PROJECT:
This is written only as a "safety net" to prevent any people from "exploiting my skills" for anything in real life.

1. I create buildings and their related contents (e.g. textures, elevator fixtures, and sounds) for Skyscraper Simulator only as a hobby in my free time.
    1.1 I do not accept buildings requests from anyone in the world, for any reasons. Such things will automatically be rejected, so DON'T even think about it.
    1.2 I did not, and will never, create buildings as a part of any class project for any school or university in real world. This also includes any higher-level study at any point in the future.
    1.3 Such creations will also never be used as a part of any real-life job (whether paid or not). No matter where you live, NEVER attempt to pay me to create any building for you.
    1.4 I can always earn more money from ACTUAL paying jobs in real world, but cannot regain my healthy life after having spent many days on creating buildings for myself or anyone else.
    1.5 With all of the above, exploiting my skills for ANY real-world use is NOT acceptable, as it will consume a lot of time and resources for other important matters in my life.

2. This simulator is a game, not a professional simulation.
    2.1 Even if there were an official "graphical building designer" created by eventhorizon, other specialized programs (like SketchUp) will still do better (with less time and more realism) for class projects or jobs in real world.

3. Being a real person with several real-life duties, I cannot add every detail to every single building of mine. Please kindly "use your imagination" for any missing things.
    3.1 This also means that even after reaching a certain age (55 or 60 years old) in the future, I still cannot add every leftover details to my past buildings.
    3.2 For certain reasons, I have a different "motivation" and "level of detail" for each building project of mine, which still holds true even when I no longer have any real-life class or job to worry about.
    3.3 For example, despite most of my fictional hotels have "room numbers" like ones in real world, Westin Tranquility City will not have such thing added, even after I become an "elderly citizen" in September 2058.

4. Treating me as an AI or a bot that must always work perfectly is not acceptable. This IP's releases may not be fully perfect, and I cannot complete every single building or add every single content in a short time.
5. Once again, the most realistic buildings will always be "ones in real world", and this simulator is NOT totally "a replacement for real-life buildings."