Information for "Other People's Fixtures" folder - Mn10 IP
Last updated: 3 November 2024, 12:40 (GMT +7)

A. MAIN INFORMATION
1. I do not claim the copyright for these files! They are still copyrighted by their original owners.
2. I do exercise the fair use for such fixtures as:
	2.1 The original owners have been inactive for many years.
	2.2 The original forum's copyright term was "CC-BY 3.0" by default.
3. From #2.2, please refer to the shoutbox for more information. I may need to PM NewEnglandElevators about this matter.
(Click here: https://skyscrapersimulatorforum.createaforum.com/index.php?action=ezportal;sa=shouthistory;start=1250)
(Note that if you are reading this sometimes in the future, you will need to go forward a few pages to see this info.)

4. These fixtures would be removed if including them violate any rules.
5. These fixtures were found in G1DP. Many of them were available in the old forum.
6. Should you use these fixtures in your buildings, please give credit according to the users below.

B. OWNER INFORMATION FOR ALL FIXTURES (As far as I remember)
1. MAD BS: Windows446 / Skyscraper446 / Nate / NT51 (or any name you could recall)
Note: As I remember correctly, this passage was written on the original topic in the old forum, so it should be fine:
"Feel free to use this for anything. Just give me credit. Thanks."

2. ThyssenKrupp Signa4: Vector (Refer to the remarks in #3 below.)
*The "signa4callplate_brass.png" and "signa4callplate_brass2.png" files were edited by me.

3. ThyssenKrupp Studio: Vector (I notice the words "dopen" and "dclose" in the filenames, like the filenames of other fixtures I added to the "Vector's Fixtures" folder since the old forum).
*Some call buttons were edited by me.
Note for both #2 and #3: For the sounds, I'll need to know the people responsible for recording and ripping them, so I can add their names here.

4. TK Signa4 VR: gooper1
5. TK Traditional II: gooper1
*Some call buttons were edited by me.
Note for both #4 and #5: I remember both sets from the "Content by Gooper1" topic in the old forum. I will need to PM G1 whether it is OK for me to include them or not.
Note for #5 only: As in #3, I'll have to credit the users who recorded and ripped the sounds, if I know those people.

6. Dover VR: Vector (Refer to the remarks in #3 above.)

C. EXTRA NOTE
1. Also, as far as I can recall from the old forum, I could consider that the original owners would be fine with me (and other people) using them, despite their inactivity, as I remember that their contents are intended for use by everyone. (Of course, I cannot use textures that are customized for a specific building.)
2. The reason I chose these fixtures is I thought they would look nice to be in one of my buildings. I also wanted to implement more American ThyssenKrupp elevators, as in the sim there are so many Otis elevators. I did not randomly select the fixtures, in case you are imagining.